=head1 NAME

HTTP::Status::Const - interpolable HTTP status constants

=head1 VERSION

v0.2.2

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use HTTP::Status::Const;

  ...

  $response->status( $HTTP_NOT_FOUND );

  ...

  my %handlers = (
    $HTTP_OK      => sub { ... },
    $HTTP_CREATED => sub { ... },
    ...
  );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module is basically a wrapper around L<HTTP::Status> that allows
you to use the constants as read-only scalar variables instead of
function names.

This means the constants can be used in contexts where you need
interpolated variables, such as hash keys or in strings.

=head2 Do I really need this?

No. You can get interpolated constants already, with some ugly syntax:

  my %handlers = (
    HTTP_OK() => sub { ... },
  );

or

  "Status code ${ \HTTP_OK }"

So all this module gives you is some stylistic convenience, at the
expense of additional dependencies (although ones that may be used
by other modules).

See the L<Pod::Readme> documentation for more details on the POD
syntax that this module recognizes.

See L<pod2readme> for command-line usage.

=head1 INSTALLATION

See
L<How to install CPAN modules|http://www.cpan.org/modules/INSTALL.html>.

=head2 Required Modules

This distribution requires Perl v5.10.0.

This distribution requires the following modules:

=over 4

=item * L<Const::Exporter>

=item * L<HTTP::Status>

=item * L<Package::Stash>

=back

This distribution recommends the following modules:

=over 4

=item * L<Package::Stash::XS>

=back

=head1 RECENT CHANGES

=over 4

=item * 

Added support for exporting HTTP::Status's utility functions [Fixes GitHub #1].

=item * 

Switched to use Dist::Zilla for managing the distribution.

=item * 

Fixed typos in POD.

=item * 

Added note about why you don't need this module. Really, you don't need it.

=back

See the F<Changes> file for a longer revision history.

=head1 EXPORTS

By default, only the HTTP constants are exported.

For convenience, the tags from L<HTTP::Status> are supported so that
the C<:is> and C<status_message> functions are exported.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<HTTP::Status>

=head1 AUTHOR

Robert Rothenberg, C<< <rrwo at cpan.org> >>

=head2 Acknowledgements

Several people who pointed out that this module is unnecessary.
(Yes, it's written to scratch an itch.)

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2014 Robert Rothenberg.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the the Artistic License (2.0). You may obtain a
copy of the full license at:

L<http://www.perlfoundation.org/artistic_license_2_0>

